OSDOCS-15860-16: Documented the Bare Metal Event Relay Operator removal (#98167)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

//|===

[id="ocp-4-16-bm-event-relay-operator-removed_{context}"]
==== {redfish-operator} Operator removed

> The {redfish-operator} Operator was previously a Technology Preview feature and is now removed from {product-title}. For more information about the product lifecycle for {redfish-operator} Operator, see link:https://access.redhat.com/product-life-cycles?product=Bare%20Metal%20Event%20Relay[Product Life Cycles: {redfish-operator}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {redfish-operator} Operator was previously a Technology Preview feature and is now removed from {product-title}. For complete life cycle information about the {redfish-operator} Operator, see link:https://access.redhat.com/product-life-cycles?product=Bare%20Metal%20Event%20Relay[Product Life Cycles: {redfish-operator}].
```
